GENDA PHOOL
Unh, Unh!
unh, unh!
Chale jab tu latak matak
laundo ke dil patak patak
chale jab tu latak matak
Laundo ke dil patak patak
laundo ke dil patak patak
chale jab tu latak matak
Bum tera gotay khaye
kamar pe teri butterfly
bum tera gotay khaye
Kamar pe teri butterfly
kamar pe teri butterfly
bum tera gotay khaye
Common baby kick it, kick it
kaatun teri ticket ticket
common baby kick it, kick it
Kaatun teri ticket ticket
kaatun teri ticket ticket
common baby kick it, kick it
[Bengali Folk Vocals]
Boro loker biti'lo lomba lomba chul
boro loker biti'lo lomba lomba chul
When the party...
Boro loker biti'lo lomba lomba chul
amon matha bendhe debo laal genda phool
boro loker biti'lo lomba lomba chul
Amon matha bendhe debo laal genda phool
When the party...
party
pARTy
Saanwla sa rang tera
baawla sa dhang tera
saanwla sa rang tera
Baawla sa dhang tera
baawla sa dhang tera
saanwla sa rang tera
Paagal hua tere peeche
jaise dimaag main keeda
paagal hua tere peeche
Jaise dimaag main keeda
jaise dimaag main keeda
paagal hua tere peeche
Heartbeat missing jab tu look me in the eye
love tera baby mujhe take me to the sky
heartbeat missing jab tu look me in the eye
Love tera baby mujhe take me to the sky
Promise water never coming down from your eye
you are my jaan baby never gonna lie
promise water never coming down from your eye
You are my jaan baby never gonna lie
Boro loker biti'lo lomba lomba chul
amon matha bendhe debo...
boro loker biti'lo lomba lomba chul
Amon matha bendhe DEBO...debo...debo
amon matha bendhe debo...DEBO...debo
boro loker biti'lo lomba lomba chul
amon matha bendhe debo...debo...DEBO
Boro loker biti'lo lomba lomba chul
amon matha bendhe debo laal genda phool
boro loker biti'lo lomba lomba chul
Amon matha bendhe debo laal genda phool
It's your boy badshah!
Boro loker biti'lo lomba lomba chul
amon matha bendhe debo laal genda phool
boro loker biti'lo lomba lomba chul
Amon matha bendhe debo laal genda...pho
BORO LOKER BITI'LO LOMBA LOMBA CHUL
amon matha bendhe debo laal genda phool
boro loker biti'lo lomba lomba chul
AMON MATHA BENDHE DEBO LAAL GENDA PHOOL
Yeah!
“Ek loker beta'lo chuto chuto chul
‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌Sub making kora tar passion and phool”
boro loker biti'lo lomba lomba chul
Amon matha bendhe debo...debo...debo